fix broken links (#227)
qua-platform/py-qua-tools: qualang_tools/bakery/README.md

memory when running long characterization experiments that do require lots of pulses to be played,
such as tomography experiments (usually involving state preparation, process, and readout for each couple of input state 
and readout observable to be sampled) or randomized benchmarking.
Here, the idea is to show the ease with which we can integrate tools associated to waveform baking to the example realized in the existing QUA script ,
by taking the same elementary built-in functions to generate the entire quantum circuit necessary to run the random sequence. 
With the use of the baking, we now have one single baked waveform randomly 
synthesized.

## Coupling the baking tool to the add_compile feature

> QUA allows you to pre_compile a job in order to save compilation time. This aspect is reminded in [the documentation](https://docs.quantum-machines.co/1.2.0/docs/Guides/features/#precompile-jobs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUA allows you to pre_compile a job in order to save compilation time. This aspect is reminded in [the documentation](https://docs.quantum-machines.co/latest/docs/Guides/features/#precompile-jobs).
```
Same
